# FSWD70-CodeReview11-AdamGyarmati
  Project description:  Travel-o-matic blog You enjoy traveling to different places, visiting events and eating well in restaurants. You have already created a travel-o-matic blog in the front-end (CR06), now it is time to create the back-end for this front-end part.  What is common to a place, concert and restaurant is a location. A location should hold information about the city, ZIP-code, address (a single line like “Kettenbrückengasse 23, 1050 Vienna”), and a teaser image.   A restaurant must have the following information about the restaurant: a restaurant name, telephone number, type (“chinese”, “indian”, “viennese”, …), a short description, address and a web address.    Things to do must have  the following information about the places: a name of the place, the address, type(“museum”, “historical site”, “must see”, …), a short description and web address  Concerts will have additional properties like EventDate (“21.03.2019”) and EventTime (“17:00”) and ticket price (in EUR) that also need to be displayed in addition to the location/web address properties.     For the regular points of this CodeReview, you need to create a structure using PHP and MySQL that will display the relevant data of places, events and restaurants that you have visited.   Basic points (5 points) Create a database (cr11_yourname_travelmatic) and add sufficient test data (at least 4 restaurants, 4 “things to do” and 4 concerts)  (5 points) Retrieve the information from the database.  (10 points) Display all restaurants, concerts and “things to do” on the home page.  (10 points) Display all restaurants and coffeehouses on a single web page (restaurant.php).        (10 points) Display all activities (concerts and “things to do”) on a single web page (event.php).  (15 points) Create a registration and login system.  (15 points) Create separate sessions for normal users and administrators.  (30 points) Create an admin panel. Only the admin is able to create, update and delete data (restaurants, dates, events, etc.) within the admin panel. The normal user will be able to see everything that was created for this blog, without having administrative privileges in changing the data.   Bonus points (10 points) Use an API to display each location on a map (Google maps - you can use it in development mode - you don’t need to generate an API key).  (10 points) Create a live search field that already when you type one letter in this field, it will search your database for any results (using Ajax).
